Task 1:
binary_first_host: False
binary_last_host: False
binary_network: False
binary_subnet: False
broadcast_binary: False
broadcast_decimal: False
decimal_first_host: False
decimal_last_host: False
decimal_network: True
decimal_subnet: False
ip_class: True

Task 2:
binary_network: False
broadcast_binary: False
broadcast_decimal: False
decimal_network: False

Task 3:
binary_first_host: False
binary_last_host: False
binary_network: False
binary_subnet: False
broadcast_binary: False
broadcast_decimal: False
decimal_first_host: False
decimal_last_host: False
decimal_network: False
decimal_subnet: False

Task 4:
binary_network: False
binary_subnet: False
decimal_network: False
decimal_subnet: False

Task 5:
